# User Stories:

1. Generating possible locations:

  Feature:
  * As a person interested in moving to a new location
  * In order to find places that fit your interests (growth, diversity, population density, climate, region)
  * I want to be able to tell the application my opinion on each metric and how important that metric is to me.  Using my own individual preferences, the app should tailor recommendations to my needs.

  Usage:
  ```
  * ./findamatch "10:4, 5:1, 2:9, 5:3, 8:8"
  ```

  Acceptance Criteria:
  * Prints out a list of places that would best fit my preferences.
  * Each city or town listing should include a human-readable rating on each of the categories used to determine preference match.



2. Choosing places that interest you to add notes to.:

  Feature:
  * As a user with recommendations, I want to be able to choose from my recommendations and add my own details to the chosen places.
  * In order to best compare places, I want not only information about the places generated by the program, but I would also like to generate my own details about the place and save them with the place's profile.
  * I want to be able to manage a list of places that interest me.  That includes, adding more places, taking placing away that no longer interest me, adding or updating information about the places on my place list.

  Usage:
  ```
  * ./matches  "Shows a list of all chosen places"
  * ./matches/add/:id  "Adds a recommendation to a list of chosen places"
  * ./matches/:id  "Shows details of a particular place"
  * ./matches/:id/edit  "Allows you to add or change information about a particular place"
  * ./matches/:id/delete  "Allows you remove a particular place that no longer interests you"
  ```

  Acceptance Criteria:
  * Allows me to select recommendation that interest me and generate a chosen places list.
  * Allow me to manage my chosen places list by adding details, updating details, or removing a place altogether.

